docs: ✏️ add reference to bls walkthrough video (#74)
ngworker/lumberjack: README.md

## Usage

> > For a complete walkthrough video please visit [@ngworker/lumberjack v2 - Show & Tell BLS024](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV1ONtLAJnI&feature=emb_logo)

Reviewer: Let's use the short URL.
```suggestion
> For a complete walkthrough video please visit [@ngworker/lumberjack v2 - Show & Tell BLS024](https://youtu.be/OV1ONtLAJnI)

```
